Add flag indicating which package version is used (GitHub or Marketplace) (#479)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - Add flag indicating which package version is used (GitHub or Marketplace) ([#479](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/479))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved crash capture backend handling based on package version (GitHub or Marketplace) ([#479](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/479))
```
